feat(firestore-send-email): template attachments (#519)
firebase/extensions: firestore-send-email/POSTINSTALL.md

- **text:** A template string for the plaintext content of the email.
- **html:** A template string for the HTML content of the email.
- **amp:** A template string for the [AMP4EMAIL][amp4email] content of the email.

> - **attachments:** An array containing attachment(s) with template strings as values; [Nodemailer options](https://nodemailer.com/message/attachments/) supported: utf-8 string, custom content type, URL, encoded string, data URI, and pregenerated MIME node (be aware that your email has no access to the cloud server's file system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **attachments:** An array of attachments with template strings as values; [Nodemailer options](https://nodemailer.com/message/attachments/) supported: utf-8 string, custom content type, URL, encoded string, data URI, and pre-generated MIME node (be aware that your email has no access to the cloud server's file system).
```
